README.md, before:

[Russian/Русский](README_RUS.md)

# Description

Rutoken Technologies is an application for demonstrating the capabilities of the Rutoken ECP line on mobile devices
based on Android 7 and newer.

The application contains Certification Authority section designed to demonstrate the capabilities of the test
certification authority. Here you can generate a key pair and issue a test certificate on a mobile device.

The project consists of two Gradle modules:

* `module.rutoken-tech` is the main module containing all the business logic and UI of the application;
* `test.use-cases-tests` is a module of instrumental tests in which the correctness of performing various operations
  with the token is checked.

# Requirements

Rutoken Technologies application should be built using Android SDK Platform 34 or newer and launched on devices with
Android 7 (API level 24) and newer.

External dependencies required to build the application can be found in
the [Rutoken SDK](https://www.rutoken.ru/developers/sdk/). Required libraries:

* librtpkcs11ecp.so for the architectures: `armeabi-v7a` and `arm64-v8a`.

# How to build

1. Before building the project, copy the downloaded external dependencies to the
   directory `module.rutoken-tech/src/main/jniLibs/<arch>`, where `<arch>` is the library architecture. Files location
   example is shown below:

    ```Text
    module.rutoken-tech
    | - src
    |   | - main
    |   |   | - jniLibs
    |   |   |   | - arm64-v8a
    |   |   |   |   | - librtpkcs11ecp.so
    |   |   |   | - armeabi-v7a
    |   |   |   |   | - librtpkcs11ecp.so
    ```

2. You can build the project in the following ways:

    * Using Gradle from terminal. In this case, you should run the command in the terminal:

   ```shell
   ./gradlew :module.rutoken-tech:assemble
   ```

   After that, the apk files of the application can be found in the
   directory `module.rutoken-tech/build/outputs/apk/<build_variant>`, where `<build_variant>` is the build variant
   (debug or release).

    * Using Android Studio. The build instructions can be found in the
      article [Build and run your app](https://developer.android.com/studio/run) in Google's Android documentation.

# Restrictions

Rutoken Technologies application can only be run on physical devices, not on emulators.

# Licenses

The project source code is distributed under the [BSD-2-Clause License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Add a description of the Bank section in the README
Close #61

README.md, after:

[Russian/Русский](README_RUS.md)

# Description

Rutoken Technologies is an application for demonstrating the capabilities of the Rutoken ECP line on mobile devices
based on Android 7 and newer.

The application contains two sections:

* Certification Authority — designed to demonstrate the capabilities of the test certification authority. Here you can
  generate a key pair and issue a test certificate on a mobile device. Created objects can be used in the Bank section.
* Bank — designed to demonstrate the scenarios of work with Rutoken devices in bank apps. Here you can sign a test
  payment document, check the validity of the electronic signature of incoming documents, encrypt and decrypt a bank
  document.

The project consists of two Gradle modules:

* `module.rutoken-tech` is the main module containing all the business logic and UI of the application;
* `test.use-cases-tests` is a module of instrumental tests in which the correctness of performing various operations
  with the token is checked.

# Requirements

Rutoken Technologies application should be built using Android SDK Platform 34 or newer and launched on devices with
Android 7 (API level 24) and newer.

External dependencies required to build the application can be found in
the [Rutoken SDK](https://www.rutoken.ru/developers/sdk/). Required libraries:

* librtpkcs11ecp.so for the architectures: `armeabi-v7a` and `arm64-v8a`.

# Preliminary actions

To work in the Bank section, you must have a key pair and a certificate on your Rutoken ECP device. If your device
doesn't contain a key pair and a certificate, you can create them in the Certification authority section for testing
purposes. Or follow these steps on your desktop computer:

1. Download and install [Rutoken Plugin](https://www.rutoken.ru/products/all/rutoken-plugin/) on your computer.
2. Restart the browser to finish plugin installation.
3. Open [Rutoken registration center](https://ra.rutoken.ru/) website via browser.
4. Connect your Rutoken ECP device to the computer.
5. Make sure that the website has detected your device.
6. Follow the instructions on the website and create a GOST R 34.10-2012 256 bits key pair and a certificate.
7. Make sure that the website has detected the created key pair and the certificate on your device.
8. Disconnect your Rutoken device from your computer and use it with your Android device.

# How to build

1. Before building the project, copy the downloaded external dependencies to the
   directory `module.rutoken-tech/src/main/jniLibs/<arch>`, where `<arch>` is the library architecture. Files location
   example is shown below:

    ```Text
    module.rutoken-tech
    | - src
    |   | - main
    |   |   | - jniLibs
    |   |   |   | - arm64-v8a
    |   |   |   |   | - librtpkcs11ecp.so
    |   |   |   | - armeabi-v7a
    |   |   |   |   | - librtpkcs11ecp.so
    ```

2. You can build the project in the following ways:

    * Using Gradle from terminal. In this case, you should run the command in the terminal:

   ```shell
   ./gradlew :module.rutoken-tech:assemble
   ```

   After that, the apk files of the application can be found in the
   directory `module.rutoken-tech/build/outputs/apk/<build_variant>`, where `<build_variant>` is the build variant
   (debug or release).

    * Using Android Studio. The build instructions can be found in the
      article [Build and run your app](https://developer.android.com/studio/run) in Google's Android documentation.

# Restrictions

Rutoken Technologies application can only be run on physical devices, not on emulators.

# Licenses

The project source code is distributed under the [BSD-2-Clause License](LICENSE).
